com/mm/task06/db/tables/pojos/Work.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.pojos.Work
com/mm/task06/converter/PersonalDataConverter.java
 com.mm.task06.converter.PersonalDataConverter
com/mm/task06/config/CreditConfig.java
 com.mm.task06.config.CreditConfig
com/mm/task06/db/tables/Credit.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.Credit
com/mm/task06/db/tables/records/BorrowerDocumentRecord.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.records.BorrowerDocumentRecord
com/mm/task06/repository/JooqBorrowerRepository.java
 com.mm.task06.repository.JooqBorrowerRepository
com/mm/task06/db/tables/records/PersonalDataRecord.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.records.PersonalDataRecord
com/mm/task06/repository/WorkRepository.java
 com.mm.task06.repository.WorkRepository
com/mm/task06/db/tables/Borrower.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.Borrower
com/mm/task06/repository/CreditRepository.java
 com.mm.task06.repository.CreditRepository
com/mm/task06/converter/DefaultUserAccountConverter.java
 com.mm.task06.converter.DefaultUserAccountConverter
com/mm/task06/model/PersonalDataModel.java
 com.mm.task06.model.PersonalDataModel
com/mm/task06/config/PersonalDataConfig.java
 com.mm.task06.config.PersonalDataConfig
com/mm/task06/db/tables/AudUserAccount.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.AudUserAccount
com/mm/task06/repository/PersonalDataRepository.java
 com.mm.task06.repository.PersonalDataRepository
com/mm/task06/converter/DefaultWorkConverter.java
 com.mm.task06.converter.DefaultWorkConverter
com/mm/task06/db/tables/Aud.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.Aud
com/mm/task06/db/tables/BorrowerDocument.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.BorrowerDocument
com/mm/task06/db/tables/pojos/BorrowerDocument.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.pojos.BorrowerDocument
com/mm/task06/db/tables/records/UserAccountRecord.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.records.UserAccountRecord
com/mm/task06/db/tables/records/BorrowerRecord.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.records.BorrowerRecord
com/mm/task06/db/tables/records/AudUserAccountRecord.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.records.AudUserAccountRecord
com/mm/task06/db/tables/pojos/AudUserAccount.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.pojos.AudUserAccount
com/mm/task06/converter/DefaultCreditConverter.java
 com.mm.task06.converter.DefaultCreditConverter
com/mm/task06/db/tables/pojos/PersonalData.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.pojos.PersonalData
com/mm/task06/controller/PersonalDataController.java
 com.mm.task06.controller.PersonalDataController
com/mm/task06/repository/BorrowerRepository.java
 com.mm.task06.repository.BorrowerRepository
com/mm/task06/converter/UserAccountConverter.java
 com.mm.task06.converter.UserAccountConverter
com/mm/task06/controller/BorrowerController.java
 com.mm.task06.controller.BorrowerController
com/mm/task06/db/Tables.java
 com.mm.task06.db.Tables
com/mm/task06/converter/WorkConverter.java
 com.mm.task06.converter.WorkConverter
com/mm/task06/db/tables/PersonalData.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.PersonalData
com/mm/task06/model/WorkModel.java
 com.mm.task06.model.WorkModel
com/mm/task06/model/BorrowerModel.java
 com.mm.task06.model.BorrowerModel
com/mm/task06/db/IdfOnboarding.java
 com.mm.task06.db.IdfOnboarding
com/mm/task06/controller/CreditController.java
 com.mm.task06.controller.CreditController
com/mm/task06/model/UserAccountModel.java
 com.mm.task06.model.UserAccountModel
com/mm/task06/repository/JooqCreditRepository.java
 com.mm.task06.repository.JooqCreditRepository
com/mm/task06/controller/WorkController.java
 com.mm.task06.controller.WorkController
com/mm/task06/db/tables/records/AudRecord.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.records.AudRecord
com/mm/task06/db/Keys.java
 com.mm.task06.db.Keys
 com.mm.task06.db.Keys$ForeignKeys0
 com.mm.task06.db.Keys$Identities0
 com.mm.task06.db.Keys$UniqueKeys0
com/mm/task06/config/JooqConfig.java
 com.mm.task06.config.JooqConfig
com/mm/task06/db/tables/pojos/Borrower.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.pojos.Borrower
com/mm/task06/db/DefaultCatalog.java
 com.mm.task06.db.DefaultCatalog
com/mm/task06/db/tables/records/CreditRecord.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.records.CreditRecord
com/mm/task06/converter/DefaultPersonalDataConverter.java
 com.mm.task06.converter.DefaultPersonalDataConverter
com/mm/task06/db/tables/pojos/Credit.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.pojos.Credit
com/mm/task06/config/BorrowerConfig.java
 com.mm.task06.config.BorrowerConfig
com/mm/task06/repository/JooqPersonalDataRepository.java
 com.mm.task06.repository.JooqPersonalDataRepository
com/mm/task06/db/tables/records/WorkRecord.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.records.WorkRecord
com/mm/task06/converter/CreditConverter.java
 com.mm.task06.converter.CreditConverter
com/mm/task06/db/tables/UserAccount.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.UserAccount
com/mm/task06/db/tables/pojos/UserAccount.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.pojos.UserAccount
com/mm/task06/db/tables/Work.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.Work
com/mm/task06/config/JacksonConfig.java
 com.mm.task06.config.JacksonConfig
com/mm/task06/repository/JooqWorkRepository.java
 com.mm.task06.repository.JooqWorkRepository
com/mm/task06/config/WorkConfig.java
 com.mm.task06.config.WorkConfig
com/mm/task06/db/tables/pojos/Aud.java
 com.mm.task06.db.tables.pojos.Aud
com/mm/task06/model/CreditModel.java
 com.mm.task06.model.CreditModel
com/mm/task06/fetcher/DeleteUserAccount.java
 com.mm.task06.fetcher.DeleteUserAccount
com/mm/task06/fetcher/FindUserAccount.java
 com.mm.task06.fetcher.FindUserAccount
com/mm/task06/controller/UserAccountController.java
 com.mm.task06.controller.UserAccountController
com/mm/task06/repository/UserAccountRepository.java
 com.mm.task06.repository.UserAccountRepository
com/mm/task06/fetcher/FindAllUserAccount.java
 com.mm.task06.fetcher.FindAllUserAccount
com/mm/task06/fetcher/CreateUserAccount.java
 com.mm.task06.fetcher.CreateUserAccount
com/mm/task06/repository/JooqUserAccountRepository.java
 com.mm.task06.repository.JooqUserAccountRepository
com/mm/task06/config/UserAccountConfig.java
 com.mm.task06.config.UserAccountConfig
com/mm/task06/config/GraphQlConfig.java
 com.mm.task06.config.GraphQlConfig
com/mm/task06/fetcher/UpdateUserAccount.java
 com.mm.task06.fetcher.UpdateUserAccount
com/mm/task06/Task06App.java
 com.mm.task06.Task06App
